This repository includes different Matlab Projects I have done during my bachelor study. I have done forward and inverse kinematics of 6 DOF Robot during my seventh semester using Matlab. The detail explanation of the project is given below:
This Design of a graphical user interface (GUI) is a fine task requiring knowledge of human cognitive behavior, design strategies and programming skills. In this project, a GUI has been developed for position analysis of 6 DOF using MATALAB software. The kinematic problem is defined as a transformation from the Cartesian space to the joint space. In this project the Denavit Hardenberg (D-H) model representation was used to model links and joints.
This project is related to the matrix manipulation using MATLAB. The project discusses the various constituents of the possible solution of finding the transformation matrix for a robot having a maximum of 6 degrees of freedom. The MATLAB code is thus generated for the given link parameters and the required results are deduced after further calculations. Once the link frames have been defined and the corresponding link parameters found, developing the kinematic equations is straightforward. From the values of link parameters, the individual link transformations matrices can be computed. Then, the link transformations can be multiplied together to find the single transformation that relates the two frames. The forward and inverse kinematics were found using the similar approach and the simulations of the project were performed in MATLAB as was required. 
